Requirement engineering
Task 0: Find a client ( a relative, close friend or acquaintance that you can communicate with all throughout the semester, or even yourself ) in need of a web application.
Task 1: Extract proper information from the client in order to formulate a clear feature set for the application you will be designing and implementing all throughout this semester.
Task 2: Create a document that presents the requirements in a structured manner. Don’t forget: less is more, use Occam’s Razor when necessary.
Design Principles
Task 0: Interview your client to establish their desired colour palette, overall visual style, logo, name and tagline for their application. Present them with various options and decide the best choices together.
Task 1: Use the information you acquired from the client to come up with the design of a visual prototype for the application’s presentation layer.
Task 2: Use the figma platform [Figma: The Collaborative Interface Design Tool] to create the visual prototype for your client’s application. Follow the principles of good design that will be covered during the lecture in Week 2.

For	the	bronze	challenge	you	will	need	to	provide	figma	visual prototypes for :
    • the login/ register views
    • a presentation view containing the logo,name, tagline and a brief description of the application
    • a master/detail perspective onto a given entity from the domain of the application with full CRUD capabilities:
        ◦ a table containing minimal information about entities (must be paginated)
        ◦ for each row in the table, detailed information needs to be shown in a different view or page
        ◦ entities can be added, updated or erased
Systems for Design and Implementation : Assignment 0
SILVER CHALLENGE
Continue your figma adventures by generating extra artifacts:
-statistics: create a separate view depicting various statistics with respect to the data in the master table from the previous assignment
-you should include either pie charts, bar charts etc. or establish a star or class-based ranking system for the items
-users should be able to toggle between two views on the same data: for example one tabular, another more visual

GOLD CHALLENGE

DARE TO BE GREAT!
Break a design principle in one of your figma artifacts and fix it by applying another more sophisticated design principle: for example, we can break the monotony imposed by the UNITY pattern by the usage of DICHOTOMY but this can lead to imbalance.This problem is fixed with SYMMETRY which brings BALANCE back.
Take one of your previously made designs and show how you changed them such as they become more complex but still obey all the design principles.

BE ORIGINAL!
Come up with the visual plan for a unique feature that will give IDENTITY to your PRODUCT and will set it apart from the competition. We will call this the BAZINGA feature.
Design an ORIGINAL feature for your application that you have not seen yet in other PRODUCTS in the same field.
Deadline for the bronze[5p] challenge: Week 3
Deadline for the silver[+2p] and gold[+3p] challenges without delay: Week 4[max grade 10]
Deadline for the silver[+1p] and gold[+1.5p] challenges with one delay: Week 5[max grade 7.5]
Deadline for the silver[+0.5p] and gold[+0.75p] challenges with two delays: Week 6[max grade 6.25]